The Joe Rogan.
Experience. First of all, anybody who really wants to know you in depth,
in your element, talking with a fellow warrior,
I strongly recommend that podcast, um, for, for people.
Don't what, what number is it? Do you know which.
Number? I don't know what number it is.
Just listening to it. It's um, Jocko podcast,
1,
1 5 into the fire and beyond the call of duty. Yeah.
Jocko is a beast.
And you two together talking about the incidents
that happen with you overseas. It's insane.
I mean, it is like I had a call buddy.
Might've stopped the podcast and call my friend Brendan, just to talk to him.
Yeah. I was like, this is so intense. It's like I was driving,
I was getting nervous. Right. You know, drive it in my car,
my Tesla electric car, dry,
my hands are sweating and I'm breathing heavy. I'm like. Yeah.
It was, well, if you hear all those, like, you know,
when you're listening to that podcast, that was by far the most. I mean,
he like Jocko just pulled it out of me, like, right. Like, you know,
most everybody hits like the, the, the high points of it, but you know,
me and Jocko just made that connection.
It was the first time we'd ever met face to face. Yeah. We just went like,
you know, he picked me, he actually picked me up from the airport and we went,
we went there and we sat down and did the, the, the podcast. And,
and I don't know, I think,
I think he knew the questions to ask because I think it was good for both of us
because, you know, if you got to the point kind of in the middle of it,
if you start hearing those silences,
it was both of us trying to keep from tears falling. Right. Like it was like,
it was like that moment you're trying to, I just, you know, it really,
we really connected and it was, you know, it was a tough podcast.
Well, you, you could tell because for Jocko,
I listen to a lot of Jocko's podcasts,
but that was one where he was really in his element. First of all, it's very,
obviously he has a deep respect for you and who you are and what you stand for.
And then two, it brought him back to his own experiences and more.
And so the whole thing is just,
it's one of the most intense podcasts I've ever listened to,
if not the most intense wow.
Have him. Yeah. It was, it was heavy. It was a hard, like, it was a hard one,
you know, he, I, like you said, I think, I think we both,
I think Jocko was getting as much out of it as I was. Right.
And I have the utmost respect for Jocko. The guys just, you know, he is,
he's the epitome of, of, of a warrior all around, you know, like from day,
day in and day out. I mean,
he wakes up every day and lives the things that he says. I mean, you know, he,
he does what he says and he lives it and he puts people first. And he's just,
I mean, he's one of the, he's one of the greatest guys I've ever met.
And I agree, I couldn't set it better. And Tim Kennedy as well, you know,
we're both friends with Tim and that same thing, that's that kind of, yeah,
it's a rare, rare human being.
It isn't, you know, and I think that's what, like, you know,
that's what I'm so fortunate about is like, I'm just, I'm,
I'm surrounded by just people like that. Right. Like, you know, I'm, I'm,
so I'm so fortunate to have a circle like that. You know, I think that, that,
that's what makes us who we are, you know, I mean, it's the true,
the epitome is, is, is, is iron sharpens iron.
And when you're surrounded by guys like Jocko and Tim Kennedy and,
and I mean, what will you have no option, but even if you're you're, you know,
even if you're last in that group, like you're still,
you're still above average, you know.
It's cliche, you know, that comes up when people talk about military,
you know, that, you know, people will say things and sometimes it's,
it's hard to understand whether or not they grasp exactly what they're saying,
but that people make sacrifices so that you could be free. And I don't think,
I don't think people re it's hard to truly internalize that without having
experienced what you've experienced with Jocko and Tim Kennedy have experienced
when I'm listening to it. Um, I know that it's correct. I know that it's true.
I support it a hundred percent, but it's almost like a,
an alien thing to me because I've never experienced it.
So when hearing you guys talk about it and climbing inside your head for a bit
and let and listen to describe it, that, that cliche the land of the free,
because of the brave, it, it, it, it gets highlighted where you understand,
like,
this is why America's not like it is in other places because
of this strong military.
And one of the things you guys talked about in that podcast was this idea of us
invading Afghanistan, that you were fighting a long side Afghans,
and most people who talk about war will have this peripheral sort of cursory
understanding about what they would like the world to be like, you know,
that they would like no war and that, oh, this is terrible.
We shouldn't be over there that don't truly understand what you want.
You know, they, they don't. And, and, and I think, you know,
the perspective that I get to come back and I think all these guys telling their
stories, you know, from Rob O'Neill to marks a trail, like I think every,
every warrior out there has to tell their story to make people understand,
right? Like it's so important for that,
because we've got a perspective of the world that a lot of people don't get.
And, uh, you know, I mean, I stood next to,
I stood next to people and that, that we couldn't like,
you talk about not believing, not being raised, not coming from the same place,
not having, you know, we could have found every reason not to,
to be on the same ground,
but we stood next to each other and we were willing to die for each other.
We found, we chose to find the common denominator.
And that was because there's only two types of people in this world.
There's good and evil. Yes. It really comes down to that. Like,
like war is so simple. Life is so simple when you try to complicate it,
there's other reasons. And it's like this, this whole, this whole thing,
we were all over there fighting for this, for, for the belief to be free, this,
this disbelief of democracy, this belief of, of what we all live for.
And it's, you can't see it, but, but we live it every day.
And we were willing to give our lives for, for, for people.
We didn't even know people. We didn't even meet.
One of the things you talked about with Jocko,
you said you didn't just lose four brothers that day.
You lost 10 because you lost six Afghany brothers as well. Yeah.
You know, th the, the Afghans were as close to me is, as the Marines were,
you know, my, my team of Afghan soldiers, you know, I lived on a base.
It was four U S and 80 Afghans.
And every day I went out on patrol and I'm patrolling with them and they're no
different than, than me and you, you know, they, they just want a place.
I'll never forget that it really hit home. To me is I had an Afghan.
We were sitting up on the mountain, actually, the cover of my book.
It was that day. We were sitting on the, on the, on that, that mountain,
because we had chased some Taliban up, up that hill.
And we were sitting up there in this Afghan, looked at me and he just said,
I hope that someday, you can bring your family here on vacation.
I hope that we can get it to that point. Wow. And it really hit home to me.
It's like, you know, we're all just alike.
You know, we're all just alike. We all just want to live a great life.
And we all just want to get along. I mean, if you don't, if you don't get along,
it's because you choose not to get along.
For people who don't understand the conflict in Afghanistan,
explain what is happening and why we're over.
Yeah. So, you know, the basically Afghanistan,
and it was the same thing in Iraq, too. I mean, you know,
that's where these terrorist organizations were. Right. And, uh, you know,
we're over there fighting alongside Afghanistan.
We're over there fighting alongside Iraq.
We're not fighting Iraq and fighting Afghanistan.
We were fighting alongside both of those countries and trying to rebuild it up
and trying to get rid of these terrorist cells that are inside those countries.
You know, uh, like you said, I mean, I, everybody thinks that, you know,
we're fighting Iraq and we're fighting Afghanistan. It's not the case.
We're alongside them, helping them rebuild their countries. You know.
When you go to black rifle, coffee in, uh, salt lake, you know,
those guys are awesome. Awesome.
They brought a bunch of former Afghany troops over and they work for them over
there. Like a lot of the guys working in the factory. Yeah. You're like, oh,
okay. I guy like these, these guys are so close. These people,
they brought them back and gave them jobs and America. Absolutely. You know,
and this is, um,
I just think most people don't really have a full picture
of what what's at stake and why it's even happening.
They just don't want war, right.
The stolen war. But it's like, you know, I mean, there's no way,
you mean you can go in your house and lock your doors and,
and sit there and try to pretend that the evil that we fight doesn't exist,
but it exists. It exists. It's there, it's there.
And if we don't go fight it over there, it's going to come here.
That's another cliche that like seems alien to people. You know, it's a, it's,
it's a true statement. It's always been true throughout human history.
But when you live in a country like America, we're so fortunate.
It's so awesome here. Even when it sucks. It's awesome.
In comparison to the rest of the world, you know, um, uh,
it's very rare that you have a place where you really can start at the bottom
and your.
Way up to be a successful person. I mean,
literally you can start here and come from nothing.
And within your generation be the president of the United States,
you could literally start from that. And,
and it's the only country on the face of the planet.